The shutdowns will be enforced from 6:00am on both the days.
Jamaat-Shibir activists, like on the previous occasions of verdict.
delivery in war crimes cases, went berserk in the capital and elsewhere in the country yesterday.
In a joint statement, Jamaat acting ameer Moqbul Ahmed and acting secretary general.
Shafiqur Rahman declared four-day protest programmes which include offering prayers for Sayedee on Friday.
and countrywide demonstrations the following day.
The Jamaat said its Nayeb-e-Ameer Sayedee became a “victim of the government's injustice and torture.”
“He [Sayedee] had been deprived of justice.
as the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court sentenced.
him imprisonment till death based on a majority decision,” read the statement.
The party called upon its leaders and activists to stage protests.
The two-day hartal would virtually put the country.
on a hiatus of four days as there are weekends between the shutdowns.
Jahangirnagar University has postponed its admission tests for honours.
So far, two international crimes tribunals have delivered.
verdicts in war crimes cases against five senior Jamaat leaders.
including its former chief Ghulam Azam, for committing crimes against.
The Jamaat enforced hartals after each of the verdicts.
Jamaat-Shibir men unleashed terror in many parts of the country after.
the International Crimes Tribunal-1 had handed death penalty.
including eight policemen were killed within just.
a week as armed cadres of Jamaat-Shibir clashed with law enforcers.
Talking to newsmen at the secretariat, State Minister for Home.
Asaduzzaman Khan yesterday said everyone should respect the court's verdict.
“If they [Jamaat-Shibir] vandalise cars, hurl petrol bombs.
force people not to open shops, the law enforcers will not sit idle.
Police will discharge their duties.
Supporters and activists of Jamaat and its student front.
Islami Chhatra Shibir brought out processions demanding immediate.
release of war crimes convict Sayedee and clashed with law enforcers across the country yesterday.
